[android][docs][splash] 'native' mode for Android (#4567)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/guides/splash-screens.md

In this scenario extra attention should be paid to [`android.splash` section](../../workflow/configuration/#android) configuration inside [`app.json`](../../workflow/configuration/#android).

Depending on the `resizeMode` you will get the following behavior:

> - **contain** - Android SplshScreen API is unable to stretch/scale splash image (see **native** mode). This mode would instruct device to show only background color first and then, when some view hierarchy is mounted, `splash.image` will be shown as contained image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **contain** - Android SplashScreen API is unable to stretch/scale splash image (see **native** mode). This mode would instruct device to show only background color first and then, when some view hierarchy is mounted, `splash.image` will be shown as contained image.
```

> - **contain** - Android SplashScreen API is unable to stretch/scale splash image (see **native** mode). This mode would instruct device to show only background color at first and then, when some view hierarchy is mounted, `splash.image` will be shown as contained image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **contain** - on Android, the splash screen API is unable to stretch/scale the splash image (see the **native** mode). As a result, the `contain` mode will initially display only the background color, and when the initial view hierarchy is mounted then `splash.image` will be displayed.
```

> - **cover** - Same behaviour as in **contain** mode in terms of firstly showing background color and than mounting some view hierarchy presenting splash image that covers whole screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **cover** - Same behaviour as in **contain** mode in terms of firstly showing background color and then mounting some view hierarchy presenting splash image that covers whole screen.
```

> - **cover** - Same behaviour as in **contain** mode in terms of firstly showing background color and then mounting some view hierarchy presenting splash image that covers whole screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **cover** - this mode has the limitations as **contain** for the same reasons.
```

> - **native** - In this mode your app will be leveraging Android's ability to present a static bitmap at the very beginning of the application start. Unfortunately, Android (unlike iOS) is not supporting stretching provided image, so the application will just present given image centered on the screen. By default `splash.image` would be used as the `xxxdpi` resource. It's up to you to provide graphics that meet your expectations and fit the screen dimension. To achieve this, use different resolutions for [different device DPIs](../../workflow/configuration/#android), from `mdpi` to `xxxhdpi`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **native** - in this mode your app will be leveraging Android's ability to present a static bitmap while the application is starting up. Android (unlike iOS) does not support stretching the provided image, so the application will  present the given image centered on the screen. By default `splash.image` would be used as the `xxxdpi` resource. It's up to you to provide graphics that meet your expectations and fit the screen dimension. To achieve this, use different resolutions for [different device DPIs](../../workflow/configuration/#android), from `mdpi` to `xxxhdpi`.
```
